=Sugar and Lies=
(A Different Her: The Women's Trilogy)
=Episode 3=
=Pickup Truck & Stars in the Sky=
So this is your ride.
What, not a fan?
Aren't you a big boss now?
And you still drive this?
A big boss can drive whatever they want.
So they get whatever they want.
You've had this planned all along, huh?
Well?
Miss Ding,
dare to get in?
Sure.
I'm fearless.
My colleague, Lin Xibei.
Keep Love's results show
she's definitely single.
Is there something off
about the feng shui here?
What do you mean?
Don't pretend you don't get it.
He really doesn't know.
Miss Lin, your hearing is sharp.
Call me Sister Xi.
Sister Xi's a data genius.
She's Yu Kun's apprentice.
She's amazing.
Our numbers look great.
She pulled in all the viewers.
Say your compliments louder.
I don't mind.
Thanks.
See you tomorrow.
Miss Gu.
Tonight...
Do you have time?
No.
What a coincidence.
Me neither.
So childish.
(Probability of Falling in Love)
(Bonus: Stay at the café up ahead.)
You still only drink Americano.
No sugar, no milk.
I tend to
hold on to old habits.
Is your Keep Love app really reliable?
You can go try it yourself.
See how compatible
you and your fiancé are.
Or you can try
the Pre-marriage Contraception Package.
Will you get me a membership?
It's free for you, for life.
Then I want some extra perks too.
What kind of perks are you after?
A free, unlimited privilege
to date the founder
of Keep Love for life.
That feature
is still under development.
Miss Ding.
How about visiting Aiye Town after this?
I'm fine with anything.
I'll just go with your plans.
(Why did you still act so indifferent)
(after I mentioned the Aiye Town?)
(Suga Love)
This is already his...
fifth cup of coffee.
It's fine.
Ruomai is here to smooth things over.
(Medical Diagnosis Certificate)
She's developed a severe case of
pre-wedding jitters.
The doctor advised her
to get out and relax.
Doctor's orders?
Sounds more like you told her that.
Me?
I called her just now.
A guy picked up.
No way it was a guy.
When I talk normally,
a lot of people say I sound like a guy.
If you keep making things up,
I'll call the police.
President Hu, wait.
Stay calm.
Especially now, you need to stay cool.
You're about to get engaged.
Mancheng isn't a big place.
If word gets out about this,
who knows how others
will twist the story.
You know it's inappropriate.
So where exactly is Ding Daang?
Ding Daang...
It's all my fault.
I let her go out alone.
That was reckless of me.
President Hu, don't rush.
I'll help you find her.
I'll make sure to bring her to you
before the engagement.
Can you stop pretending to be pitiful?
President Hu, don't worry.
Once Ding Daang is found,
I'll have a serious talk with her.
I mean, she's marrying
such a great guy like you.
What's there to be anxious about?
Why make such a fuss?
But still,
you should try to understand her a bit.
Like the Keep Love said,
the pain from one's original family
takes a lifetime to heal.
Gu Ruomai,
I'm the one who's engaged to her.
I'll be the one to help her heal.
But first, she needs to come home.
I've gone over every moment
of their reunion.
His heartbeat and his breath
show that he can't let go
of an old flame.
So there's a chance.
It depends on how he plays his cards.
Oh right.
One more thing.
Can you boost
the Chemistry Score between me
and Gu Ruomai on the back end?
I already raised it by twenty last week.
Otherwise you think she'd be a streamer?
Ten grand.
You'd better rein yourself in.
No need.
Let me burn bright while I can.
Keep this up
and the boss will catch on to you.
How about...
adding it up to two grand?
If it go south,
I'll take the blame alone.
Look at you.
You just can't
get your eyes off the money, can you?
That's better than throwing yourself
into love ocean headfirst.
Relax.
I'm a great swimmer.
It's always the good swimmers
who end up drowning.
You know what?
You're such a die-hard fan of the boss.
Your Guardian Score must be 100.
So what? What can we do about it?
We chased so many sunrises together.
Turns out sunset
is the most romantic confession.
I never thought
we'd get another chance
to be together like this again.
Me neither.
After all this time,
you're still clinging to hopeless romance.
Miss First Love.
You're finally awake.
Come on, let's watch the stars.
So...
this is what you've been hiding
in the trunk of your car.
You always said
you wanted to camp in Mount Nan.
But you never did it even once.
You…
When did you change your name?
When I wanted to leave the past behind.
Leave our past behind too?
Forgetting you would be pretty hard.
I just had a dream in the car.
A nightmare?
After you left,
I kept having nightmares.
Aming.
Before this…
did I ever hurt you?
If I did,
I owe you an apology.
Here, take this.
Where did you get all that money?
I have my own way.
No.
Take it back.
I can't accept it.
Brother.
Your mom's still in the hospital.
Just take it.
No.
Ding Daang.
My family already owes you too much.
I can't take this money.
If that's really how you feel,
then spend your lifetime paying it back.
I told you, I can't. I just can't.
If you truly want to help me,
then stay away from me.
Aming.
Chen Aming.
After you left back then,
it felt like a piece of my heart
was missing.
I tried so hard to fill that gap,
but no matter what I did,
it never worked.
But look, I'm back now.
Yeah, but you'll still leave again,
won't you?
Let's treat these few days
like a dream.
Just enjoy this dream while it lasts.
That's enough.
(If I wish this dream would never end,)
(would you stay with me?)
(Too bad,)
(the person in your dream isn't me.)
Don't forget why you're back to Mancheng.
It's not for love,
but for work.
And don't forget
livestreaming is work.
Not some company-sponsored romance.
Numbers don't lie.
I'll only say this once.
I'm not joking.
I really don't want to leave.
♪I forgot this is a movie meant for one♪
♪Somehow you're still here,
crying with me♪
♪They say♪
♪Lovers should never hold hands
while watching a sad movie♪
♪Some endings cannot be changed♪
♪They don't belong in sweet memories♪
♪I've already lost you♪
♪Thinking of it takes my breath away♪
♪The movie ends, so many couples around♪
♪Yet none were ever like us♪
♪The past will always pass♪
♪If you could still hold me tight
in your arms♪
♪I'd believe
that there are miracles in love♪
♪I'd prove
that I'm still in love with you♪
♪I've learned how to cherish
what we had♪
♪But sadly, it's not you♪